[Back](01.%20intro.md)

# The Calculation

The first request that the room gui sends to the API is to retrieve a calculation. The response of this request is the code for the keypad on the cabinet door (this is the request that is sent in the `puzzle1 keypad` request). If we look at the message that needs the solution to the calculation (puzzle1), we can see that the 3-digit code is sent as a query parameter. The 3-digit code is the result of the calculation that we are now going to determine and compute.

We know that the calculation is packaged in the following JSON message (yours will of course be different as the message is different every time)

```json
{
"divide":false,
"add":true,
"multiply":false,
"subtract":false,
"sum":{"number1":211,"number2":774}
}
```

To extract a code from this (do the correct calculation), we will use the script functionality.

> #### :keyboard: ***Scripting in Postman***
> 
> - Open the getMathProblem request and select the "Tests" tab.

The Tests tab in Postman collections is used to perform tests on the API response you receive from the backend server. In the Tests tab, you can write JavaScript code to perform various types of tests on the response, such as checking the status code or checking the content of the response. We will also use this to use the response from our backend to solve the puzzles.

To get a head start on writing a script, it is important to include two basic tests:

1. A test to interpret the logic of the response and, if necessary, save the results.

2. A test to check if we are even getting a successful response (status code) from the backend.

These are important tests to ensure that the script works correctly and that we get the desired results from the backend.

> #### :keyboard: ***My first test***
> 
> - Add the following code to the script window:
>   
>   ```javascript
>   pm.test("test for logic", function () {
>   
>       //pm.collectionVariables.set("variable", "value");
>   
>   });
>   
>   pm.test("check status code", function () {
>       pm.response.to.have.status(200);
>   });
>   ```
> 
> *Here you see the two tests. In the top logic test, we have also included the code to write variables. We need this to later use this result.*
> 
> - **Important:** We have made a change, so don't forget to save!!!
> 
> - Click "Send" to send the request to the backend.

If all goes well, you should receive a good response from the backend in the form of a response with a new calculation. You should also see a "Test Results" tab in the bottom panel. It should say `(1/2)` because one of the two tests failed.

> #### :computer: ***Fix the test***
> 
> Click on the tab and check what went wrong. Fix the problem and resend the message. Only proceed when both tests have passed.

Now that the tests passed, we can start with the real work: determining which calculation needs to be extracted from the backend response. Because this is our first script, we will do this step by step, to a certain extent.

#### :keyboard: ***What needs to be calculated***

We will work in the "test for logic", so the following steps relate to this code block.

- Change the text "test for logic" to a suitable name for what we are doing. This is useful when something goes wrong. Then you can easily see which test has failed.

- Now we want to put the response into an object so that we can do something with it. Add the following code to your test:
  
  ```javascript
  const jsonData = pm.response.json();
  ```
  
  *This line ensures that the content of the response, a JSON, is placed in the constant variable 'jsonData'. We use 'const' here because 'jsonData' does not change after it has been created.*

- Initialize a variable for the answer to the calculation.
  
  ```javascript
  let answer;
  ```
  
  *We use 'let' here because 'answer' changes after it has been created. We don't give it a value yet because we first have to calculate it.*
  
  Now we will do the calculation. We know that the operator (+, -, /, *) we need to use is the only one that has the value `true`. We can use this in an `if` statement. In other words: if, for example, the 'add' value is `true`, we know we need to add. So:

- ```javascript
  if(jsonData.add){
      answer = jsonData.sum.number1 + jsonData.sum.number2;
  }
  ```
  
  We put `jsonData.add` inside the `if` statement. If this is 'true', we execute the line below it. If the value is 'false', we skip the line.
  
  In the calculation rule, we retrieve the two numbers from 'jsonData'. Because we have to add, we add them together. We write the result to 'answer'.

We have now written the logic for performing an addition, but we still need to write the logic for the other three mathematical operators.

> ### :computer: ***The other three***
> 
> Now work out the other three operators. ***last time we warn you for this***: We make changes again, so save.

Now that we have worked out all four possible calculations, we only need to do something with the answer. We have the variable 'answer' in which we store the answer to that calculation, depending on the calculation. The only thing we need to do with this is to save the answer for possible later use.

> ### :computer: ***The answer***
> 
> You already have the code to write a variable to your Postman collection. Remove the commented out line of code you copied at the beginning by removing the `//` and adjust it to write a variable with a logical name to your collection. Give the variable the answer to your calculation as its value.
> 
> Save and send the message again. If everything went well, your variable should now be among your other Postman collection variables.

[Next](03.%20getTowerOrder.md)
