[Back](02.%20getMathProblem.md)

# Tower order

The second request that goes to the backend when starting the room is the request for a tower order. Again, we need to interpret the response message to determine the correct order. If we look at `puzzle 2 towers` (where we need the order), we can see that the order is packaged in the body of the POST request.

Since we're not in a "make your json" workshop here, we'll give you the three possible json messages. Three, not six, because it's always ascending.

**Height**:

```json
{"aKerk":3,"academieGebouw":1,"nieuweKerk":0,"martini":4,"stJozefKerk":2}
```

**Alphabetic**:

```json
{"aKerk":1,"academieGebouw":0,"nieuweKerk":3,"martini":2,"stJozefKerk":4}
```

**Construction year**:

```json
{"aKerk":1,"academieGebouw":4,"nieuweKerk":2,"martini":0,"stJozefKerk":3}
```

Now, let's continue writing the script. The response message we receive from the backend is similar to the message we received for the math problem.

```json
{
    "towers": {
        "orderType": "ascending",
        "alphabetic": false,
        "height": false,
        "constructionYear": true
    }
}
```

Since the `orderType` is not relevant (it's always ascending), we just need to determine whether it's alphabetical, based on height, or based on construction year.

> ### :computer: ***Tower order***
> 
> Write the script to save the desired order of towers in Postman collection variables and check if the correct status is returned.
> 
> Some tips: 
> 
> 1. Use the basic script from the previous task as a starting point. 
> 
> 2. We don't want a 3-digit code now, but a complete JSON (as string). This can easily be stored in the variable `let answer`. Writing the JSON variable is done slightly differently. Use `JSON.stringify(answer)` to write the variable as a string.
> 
> 3. After the script is complete, save everything and send the message.
> 
> It's successful if the Postman collection variables contain a new variable.

[Next](04.%20puzzle1.md)
