[Back](03.%20getTowerOrder.md)

# Crack the cabinet door code

Now that the startup requests are provided with the correct scripts, it's time to escape. We start by sending a request to `/combination_lock`.

> ### :computer: ***puzzle1 keypad***
> 
> Make sure the request of puzzle 1 receives the correct query parameter. So, not a fixed value, but the value from the `getgetMathProblem` request.

After sending the request, you will see if you have sent the correct code. New in solving the puzzles is that the backend now, if you have sent the correct message, returns a header with a unique solution code. (in this case the header solution1) You should include this code as a request header with the request of `puzzle2 towers`. Because this code is different every time, we will need to save it again in our Postman collection.

> ### :computer: ***Solution header***
> 
> We will script again on the "Tests" tab. Make sure the correct status is returned in the message. You also need to find a way to extract a header from the response and then save it in your Postman collection variables. (come up with a nice name)

Now we can give you the code here, but maybe it's instructive at this point to browse the Postman site yourself. At <a href="https://learning.postman.com/docs/writing-scripts/script-references/test-examples/" target="_blank">Postman Test scripts</a>, you can find all kinds of examples of how you could do this. If you really can't do it, we have the solution direction below.

<details>
<summary>I really can't find it, give me a hint</summary>

### Hint

To extract a header from your response, you can use the following code:

```javascript
    pm.response.headers.get('headername')
```

</details>

If everything went well, you should have received a positive response message and a new variable should have been added to your Postman collection.

[Next](05.%20puzzle2.md)
