[back](00.%20legend.md)

# Automate the escape using Postman

Assuming you have a collection in Postman with all six requests necessary to escape, to refer to each request in these instructions, we will rename the request as follows:

| Method | Endpoint                               | Rename to:         |
| ------ | -------------------------------------- | ------------------ |
| GET    | .../start                              | getMathProblem     |
| GET    | .../towers                             | getTowerOrder      |
| GET    | .../combination_lock?solution=###      | puzzle1 keypad     |
| POST   | .../towers                             | puzzle2 towers     |
| GET    | .../tool_support/call_specialist/##### | puzzle3 specialist |
| DELETE | .../remove_lock/####                   | puzzle4 escape     |

These six steps enable you to escape, but you need to share some data between the API calls, so it is unlikely that you can do this within the allotted five seconds. To be successful, we will need to use some code to share the necessary data between API calls.

In the following steps, we will look at each request and determine which data we will need at a later time and which data we need to use from an earlier call.

Within Postman, it is relatively easy to use data (variables) between requests. For this, we use `Postman Variables`, which can be found on the "Variables" tab, which is visible when you click on your Postman collection.

Before we proceed to work on our request, let's create a variable that every call needs, the `apikey`. Every API call needs an apikey so that the API knows who is submitting the message.

> #### :keyboard: ***Create apikey variable***
> 
> On the "Variables" tab, you should already see a `baseURL` variable. Let's add one more:
> 
> - Add a new variable where it says "Add new variable": `apikey`.
> - As the initial and current value, enter the value of your own API key.
> - **Important** every change you make to a request or variable must be saved by clicking the "Save" button. (if you don't do this, you will lose your changes)

Now that we have created an apikey variable, we need to start using it.

> #### :keyboard: ***Use variables***
> 
> If you open the `getMathProblem` request, you will see that the `baseURL` variable is used in the endpoint field. Postman took care of this for us during the HAR file import. This is not yet the case for the `apikey`, so let's do that now:
> 
> - Click on `getMathProblem` and select the "Headers" tab.
> 
> - Look for the header "apikey" and enter `{` in the "value" field. You should see a list of variables that you can choose from. Choose `apikey`. Once you have selected it, `{{apikey}}` will appear in the "value" field.

Now that we know how to add and use variables, we can automate our Postman collection step by step.

> #### :computer: ***apikey in every request***
> 
> Also modify the other requests to use the `apikey` variable.





[Continue](02.%20getMathProblem.md)
