[Back](04.%20puzzle1.md)

# The correct order

The second puzzle is that of the towers. In the GET request to `/towers`, we have already determined the order that we now need to submit.

> ### :computer: ***puzzle2 towers***
> 
> Make sure we send the correct message. Keep in mind:
> 
> - The body of the POST message is the json we have already saved
> 
> - The solution header must be included. This should come from the collection variables.

If we send the correct body and header, we will receive a status code 200 and a list of test tools and programming languages.

Now we need to write some scripts again to solve the next puzzle. As we determined earlier (during the manual Postman escape), we are interested in the missing tool/language. To determine which tool/language is not in the array, we need to include a piece of logic in our script. Because this is more difficult than what we have done so far, we will do this step by step again.

> ### :keyboard: ***The missing tool/language***
> 
> - First, we write a script to check if the status code is correct and to save the new solution header in the variables of the Postman collection.
> 
> - Next, we need to find the missing tool/language. In the response, we see four tools/languages, while we know there are five in total. We need to write logic to compare the array we received in the response with the full list of tools/languages:
>   
>   ```json
>   ["Postman", "Playwright","Java","Cypress","Python"]
>   ```
> 
> - The best way to do this is by using a JavaScript function like 'filter'. Take some time (and consult Google, ChatGPT, etc.) to write a function yourself that identifies the missing tool/language.

<details>  
<summary>I have tried but it is not working and I would like to continue.</summary>

### Solution

In the solution, we have created a separate function that, when given the array from your response, returns the missing tool.

```javascript
pm.test("Handle solution header", function () {
    //in this test we write the solution header to colection variables
    let solution2 = postman.getResponseHeader("solution2");
    pm.collectionVariables.set("headerPuzzel3", solution2);
});

pm.test("Who we need to call", function () {
    let jsonData = pm.response.json();
    // call findMissingTool funtion to get the missing tool 
    let missingTool = findMissingTool(jsonData.tools);

    // logic to determine who to call


    pm.collectionVariables.set("numberSpecialist", specialistToCall);
});


function findMissingTool(arr) {
    const allItems = ["Postman", "Java", "Cypress", "Python", "Playwright"];
    const missingItem = allItems.filter(item => !arr.includes(item));
    return missingItem[0];
}

pm.test("Status code is 200", function () {
    pm.response.to.have.status(200);
});
```

</details>

Now that we have determined which tool or language is missing, we are back on familiar ground. We now need to translate the missing tool or language into a phone number that we need to call.

> ### :computer: ***The specialist***
> 
> Now write the logic to save the phone number we need to call as a variable of the Postman collection.

[Next](06.%20puzzle3-4.md)
